Updated components for mentioning layer deletion in Adobe XD (#537)
IgniteUI/indigo-design-docfx: en/components/step-line-chart.md

## Title

> The Step Line Chart has a title that can be changed or hidden if not needed. In Sketch, the applied smart layout rules allow the layout to adjust accordingly when you want to hide the title and set it to ~No Symbol. In Adobe XD, the use of stacks lets you achieve that by deleting the unused layer instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Step Line Chart has a title that can be changed or hidden if not needed. In Sketch, the smart layout takes care to adjust the chart accordingly when you hide the title by setting it to ~No Symbol. In Adobe XD, you can achieve the same by deleting the title layer and leaving it to the Stack to update the layout accordingly.
```

<img class="responsive-img" src="../images/step_line_chart_title.png" srcset="../images/step_line_chart_title@2x.png 2x" />

## Legend

> The Step Line Chart comes with a Legend to show the number of series in it and what they represent. The Legend is built using a smart layout in Sketch and can be adjusted to contain the exact amount of series items by setting the overrides of those not needed to ~No Symbol. While in Adobe XD, the use of stacks lets you achieve that by deleting the unused layers instead. Legend items' shape is also configurable with built-in support for rectangle, line, and dot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Step Line Chart comes with a Legend to show the number of series in it and what they represent. The Legend is built using a smart layout in Sketch and can be adjusted to contain the exact amount of series items by setting the overrides of those not needed to ~No Symbol. In Adobe XD, the use of a Stack lets you achieve that by deleting the unnecessary legend item layers. Legend items' shape is also configurable with built-in support for rectangle, line, and dot.
```

## Y-Axis

> The Y-axis of the Step Line Chart comprises of a Title, Labels, and the Axis itself. The Title and the Labels are configurable and to hide a label simply set its override to ~No Symbol in Sketch or delete the layer in Adobe XD. You may hide the axis line by setting its color to `Transparent` and to hide all elements at once, change the Y-axis override to ~No Symbol in Sketch or delete the layer in Adobe XD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Y-axis of the Step Line Chart comprises of a Title, Labels, and the Axis itself. The Title and the Labels are configurable and to hide a label simply set its override to ~No Symbol in Sketch or delete the layer in Adobe XD. You may hide the axis line by setting its color to `Transparent` and to hide all elements at once, change the Y-axis override to ~No Symbol in Sketch or delete its layer in Adobe XD.
```
